Suppressing deprecation warnings (#7)
fabidick22/detect-changes-action: README.md

# detect-changes-action

Action to get paths and files changed in a Pull Request event and use these for [GitHub Actions matrix](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-jobs/using-a-matrix-for-your-jobs).

> NOTE: this repository started out as a fork of `fabidick22/detect-changes-action` but ended up copying a lot of code from `jitterbit/get-changed-files` over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: This repository uses lot of the code from the [jitterbit/get-changed-files](https://github.com/jitterbit/get-changed-files) repository.
```

  changes:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    outputs:
      packages: ${{ steps.filter.outputs.paths_list }}
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Annotate PR
        id: filter

>         uses: jbbeal/detect-changes-action@v1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        uses: fabidick22/detect-changes-action@v2
```

| parameter | description |
| - | - |
| `paths_list` | List of changed paths, example: `["dist", "dist/data"]`             |
| `file_list`  | List of changed files, example: `["dist/main.tf", "dist/index.js"]` |
| `paths_str`  | List of changed paths separated by `,` example: `"dist,dist/data"`  |

> | `file_str`   | List of changed files separated by `,` example: `"dist/main.tf,dist/index.js"` |

Reviewer: These changes were generated with some tool? I'm using [action-docs](https://github.com/npalm/action-docs)

Author: I don't remember using a tool.  It's possible that Emacs Markdown mode auto-formats this way, but I don't think so; definitely nothing more automated than that.
